*: add docs homepage and TiDB learning path (#9560)
pingcap/docs: _docHome.md

---
title: PingCAP Documentation
hide_sidebar: true
hide_commit: true
hide_leftNav: true
---

<DocHomeContainer title="PingCAP Documentation" subTitle="Explore the how-to guides and references you need to use TiDB Cloud and TiDB, migrate data, and build your applications on the database.">

<DocHomeSection label="TiDB Cloud" anchor="tidb-cloud" id="tidb-cloud">

TiDB Cloud is a fully-managed Database-as-a-Service (DBaaS) that brings everything great about TiDB to your cloud, and lets you focus on your applications, not the complexities of your database.

<DocHomeCardContainer>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud" icon="doc2" label="TiDB Cloud Docs">

See the documentation of TiDB Cloud

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-quickstart" icon="cloud5" label="Get Started with TiDB Cloud">

Guides you through an easy way to get started with TiDB Cloud

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-poc" icon="cloud3" label="Perform a PoC with TiDB Cloud">

> Helps you quickly complete a TiDB Cloud PoC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Helps you quickly complete a Proof of Concept (PoC) of TiDB Cloud
```

</DocHomeCard>

</DocHomeCardContainer>

> Get the power of a cloud-native, distributed SQL database built for real-time analytics in a fully managed service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Get the power of a cloud-native, distributed SQL database built for real-time analytics in a fully-managed service.
```

<a href="https://tidbcloud.com/free-trial" class="button" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">Try Free</a>

</DocHomeSection>

<DocHomeSection label="TiDB" anchor="tidb" id="tidb">

> TiDB  is an open-source, distributed, NewSQL database that supports Hybrid Transactional and Analytical Processing (HTAP) workloads. It is MySQL compatible and features horizontal scalability, strong consistency, and high availability. TiDB can be deployed on-premise or in-cloud.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB is an open-source, distributed, NewSQL database that supports Hybrid Transactional and Analytical Processing (HTAP) workloads. It is MySQL compatible and features horizontal scalability, strong consistency, and high availability. You can deploy TiDB on premises or in the cloud.
```

<DocHomeCardContainer>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable" icon="doc1" label="TiDB Docs">

See the documentation of TiDB

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/quick-start-with-tidb" icon="doc5" label="Get Started with TiDB">

Walks you through the quickest way to get started with TiDB

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/production-deployment-using-tiup" icon="cloud7" label="Deploy a Local TiDB Cluster">

Learn how to deploy TiDB locally in production

</DocHomeCard>

</DocHomeCardContainer>

> The open source TiDB platform is released under the Apache 2.0 license, and supported by the community.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The open-source TiDB platform is released under the Apache 2.0 license, and supported by the community.
```

> The open source TiDB platform released under the Apache 2.0 license, and supported by the community

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The open source TiDB platform is released under the Apache 2.0 license, and supported by the community.
```

<a href="https://en.pingcap.com/download/" class="button" target="_blank" referrerpolicy="no-referrer-when-downgrade">Download</a>

</DocHomeSection>

<DocHomeSection label="Developers" anchor="developers" id="developers">

<DocHomeCardContainer>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-overview" icon="doc8" label="Developer Guide">

> Docs for application developers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Documentation for application developers
```

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-sample-application-java" icon="java" label="Java">

> Java applications can connect to and communicate with TiDB through JDBC or Swing, or with ORM frameworks like Hibernate.

Reviewer 2: The period is not used in most cards.
```suggestion
Java applications can connect to and communicate with TiDB through JDBC or Swing, or with ORM frameworks like Hibernate
```

</DocHomeCard>

> <DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-outdated-for-go-sql-driver-mysql" icon="go" label="Golang">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-sample-application-golang" icon="go" label="Golang">
```

> Golang applications can connect to and communicate with TiDB through a native driver and ORM frameworks.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Golang applications can connect to and communicate with TiDB through a native driver and ORM frameworks
```

</DocHomeCard>

</DocHomeCardContainer>

</DocHomeSection>

<DocHomeSection label="More resources" anchor="resources" id="resources">

<DocHomeCardContainer>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/education/" icon="cloud1" label="PingCAP Education">

> Well-designed online courses and instructor led-training to teach you TiDB and TiDB Cloud

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Learn TiDB and TiDB Cloud through well-designed online courses and instructor-led training
```

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/community/" icon="doc9" label="Community">

Join us on Slack or become a contributor

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/blog/" icon="doc10" label="Blog Posts">

Learn great articles about TiDB and TiDB Cloud

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/videos/" icon="doc11" label="Videos">

See a compilation of short videos describing TiDB and a variety of use cases

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/event/" icon="events" label="Events">

Learn events about PingCAP and the community

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/ebook-whitepaper/" icon="papers" label="eBooks & Papers">

> Download eBooks and Papers

Reviewer 2: To keep the capitalization style consistent
```suggestion
Download eBooks and papers
```

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://ossinsight.io/" icon="cloud6" label="OSS Insight">

> A powerful insight tool that can help you analyze in depth any GitHub repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A powerful insight tool that analyzes in depth any GitHub repository, powered by TiDB Cloud
```

> A powerful insight tool that can help you analyze in depth any single GitHub repository

Reviewer 2: This tool also can compare repos, so I suggest removing "single" to avoid misunderstanding.
```suggestion
A powerful insight tool that can help you analyze in depth any GitHub repository
```

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-sample-application-java" icon="java" label="Java">

Java applications can connect to and communicate with TiDB through JDBC or Swing, or with ORM frameworks like Hibernate.

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-outdated-for-go-sql-driver-mysql" icon="go" label="Golang">

Golang applications can connect to and communicate with TiDB through a native driver and ORM frameworks.

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/dev-guide-overview" icon="cloud6" label="OSS Insight">

A powerful insight tool that can help you analyze in depth any single GitHub repository

</DocHomeCard>

</DocHomeCardContainer>

</DocHomeSection>

<DocHomeSection label="More resources" anchor="resources" id="resources">

<DocHomeCardContainer>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/community/" icon="doc9" label="Community">

Join us on Slack or become a contributor

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/blog/" icon="doc10" label="Blog Posts">

> Learn great articles about TiDB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn great articles about TiDB and TiDB Cloud
```

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/videos/" icon="doc11" label="Videos">

See a compilation of short videos describing TiDB and a variety of use cases

</DocHomeCard>

> <DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/education/" icon="cloud1" label="PingCAP Education">

Reviewer 3: PE 能否放到 `<DocHomeCard href="https://en.pingcap.com/community/" icon="doc9" label="Community">` 前面呢？

> Well designed online courses and instructor led-training to teach you TiDB and TiDB Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Well-designed online courses and instructor led-training to teach you TiDB and TiDB Cloud
```

</DocHomeCard>

<DocHomeCard href="https://ossinsight.io/" icon="ossinsight" label="OSS Insight">

A powerful insight tool that analyzes in depth any GitHub repository, powered by TiDB Cloud

</DocHomeCard>

> <DocHomeCard href="https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md" icon="contributor" label="Contribute to PingCAP Documentation">

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<DocHomeCard href="https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md" icon="contributor" label="Contribute">
```

> <DocHomeCard href="https://github.com/pingcap/docs-cn/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md" icon="contributor" label="Contribute to PingCAP Documentation">

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<DocHomeCard href="https://github.com/pingcap/docs/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md" icon="contributor" label="Contribute to PingCAP Documentation">
```
